Added proper MRI entries in raisin bread for 21.0 (#4718)
aces/Loris: raisinbread/README.md

> The password of the `admin` user on the RB database is `demo20!7`

#### Getting the imaging files

> MCIN members have automatically accessed to the imaging files on their dev VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MCIN members have automatic access to the imaging files on their dev VM
```

> MCIN members can get access to the imaging files by putting in a request on redmine

Reviewer: given what I read on redmine, people should automatically get access without putting in a request no ?

https://redmine.cbrain.mcgill.ca/issues/14481

Author: ooops. I updated the doc before Pam updated all the VM on Friday and forgot to update the doc accordingly. 

The README.md is updated in the next commit. Thanks!

> where the raisinbread dataset is automatically mount in `/data-raisinbread`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the raisinbread dataset is automatically mounted in the `/data-raisinbread` directory.
```

> to mount the /data-raisin bread folder with the imaging files on their VM.

Author: ooooops

> External users should email the loris-dev mailing list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External users should email the loris-dev mailing list to request a copy of the data.
```

> For external user, please email the loris-dev mailing list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
External users should email the loris-dev mailing list.
```

Author: Done. Thanks for the suggestion!

> The password of the `admin` user on the RB database is `demo20!7`

#### Downloading the imaging files
In order to be able to view the image links in the Imaging Modules of LORIS, download
of the imaging files are necessary. 

Note that for now, the files to download are only accessible to active members of the 
MCIN lab using their LDAP credentials.

1. Create a `/data/demo/data` directory where the files will go (make sure to have 
21GB available on your disk)
2. Run the following RSYNC command using your LDAP credentials:
```
rsync -av <myldapname>@ace-lab-1.acelab.ca:/home/users/shared/raisinbread/new_raisinbread_2019-05-30/ /data/demo/data/

> ```

Author: update documentation
